1.Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
How did they collect this data? How can we use this data?
2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
	a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
100
	b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
64
4.At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
	a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?
100... 70
	b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
looked further away.. 36... 23 

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
its a relative scale from 0 to 100, where 100 signifies the peak interest for the time period of the chart and 50 indicates half the popularity of the peak, and 0 suggests insufficient data.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
	a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger? 	No
	b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
		Yes
7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article?
	 It lends some credibility to the article but I don't think the correlation is close enough to be called proof. The spikes in interest just isn't happening around the same time all over the US.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
	a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
	Delaware
	b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
	South Carolina