1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
	A place to conduct research, find data, develop web and mobile applications, design data visualizations and more

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
	402,371 
3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health category?
	 Because they all have to do with the health or lives of people whether it be things that can cause harm to our health or things that 	can improve it or things that has already happened.
4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
	Click USDA JSON
5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.

6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
Nothing for Dundalk or Dundalk, Maryland... but Maryland alone had State of Maryland with 2448 datasets and Montgomery county of Maryland with 461 datasets
7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your results?
Nutrition brought up nutrition assistance reports and programs while the other had nutrition information
	a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology used by a data source is not obvious. You may 	need to dig around and be creative to find what you’re looking for.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
	a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you get? What happens when you click on a result?

Almond butter, creamy... butter stick, salted... butter stick, unsalted.... peanut butter, creamy... sesame butter, creamy
When you click a result it breaks down what is in the food.. like ingredients or components
	b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find more information on the data types available?
Data contained in FoodData Central...Foundation Foods, SR Legacy, FNDDS, Branded....  It can get up to 3.1 gigs... Documentation for the JSON format can be found through our API guide on SwaggerHub.
